I have Supabase CLI installed with a local development environment running and a linked remote project called "scanner-app". When working with Supabase tables: (1) First run supabase projects list to confirm the linked project, (2) Use grep -r "table_name" . to search the codebase for existing references and data structure, (3) Check SupabaseInfo.txt file which contains table schemas and sample data, (4) For live remote data queries, use supabase db pull first to sync the remote schema locally, then query using psql "postgresql://postgres:postgres@127.0.0.1:54322/postgres" -c "SELECT * FROM table_name;", (5) Remember that my local Supabase instance (port 54322) may be empty unless synced, while the actual data lives in the remote project. Always distinguish between local development database and remote production database when troubleshooting or querying data.



Hello, I am halfway through a project and I really need your help just to check everything over and do some tidy up around my super bass tables and how they are connected to each other. I have my main website which is index.HTmL, which serves as the kind of admin pagewhere you set up a GP surgery and configure all the settings. Within that page you can invite your staff members onto the service and send them a invite email through Superbase via the users page clicking on invite user entering their full name email the access type i.e. admin owner or staff their role and reports to i.e. their manager. There is also a staff page which list all members of staff that are on the system and that specifies their name role reports to and whether the active. Within super base we have various tables linked to this user information such as kiosk uses profiles roll permissions site invites staff app welcome team members user permissions. I've got a bit lost with what pages and functions update what tables so we kind of need to rewrite and re-link all these tables. First of all please go through every table in super base either directly through the super base CLI or by reading the supabaseinfo.txt that's lists tables and a few sample rows. I imagine the flow or I kind of want the flow to go something like this imagine that there's no staff on the system other than the owner who has signed up to the site. The only way that they can add staff onto the site, whether they are an owner and admin or a staff member is by going to the users page under settings and inviting him that way with the name and email. At this point we don't need to enter their role or who they report to. This needs to update the site invite table. This table serves no function other than displaying on the users page the status of each user that's been invited so we can see who has accepted and who hasn't and the use page is the only way to add staff and it needs both a name and email. Then when is the user receives the invites link? It always needs to take them to the staff-welcome.html and the welcome page to set up their account. This includes entering the name they want to be known by who they report to their role that team and choosing their avatar. When they submit and finish that process, it will then add that detail to the staff_app_welcome table. Then we can link all of the remaining tables were in super base that uses the user information to that staff app welcome table. That will be the source of truth. Please look through this projects in detail and the super base tables in detail and amend whatever you need to to make this happen in order. Please consider that currently whenever you use a login it identifies if their account is an admin an owner or a staff role. If they are an owner or admin, it direct him to index.HTML where as if they are staff it will direct them to the staff HTML pages. I would like so that regardless what their role is everyone is directed to the staff page and has access to it. However, if they are a admin role, they have an option in the navigation bar to access the index.HTML admin site. So identify who is an admin owner versus who is staff I want this to only come from the information selected and provided when adding staff via the users page on index.HTML. So when adding a user it must only specify and ask for name email and role type. Please test this in a browser at https://magicmanben.github.io/CheckLoops/ this is up to date as per the project. the only user that is on the system as Admin/Owner is the account ben.howard@stoke.nhs.uk password Hello1! so please use this login for an admin account, use user/email benhowardmagic@hotmail.com pssword Hello1! for an account set as Staff to test with. Testing is really important so with each amendment and before finalising please open up the browser and login with each of these accounts to make sure the behaviour is as you expect. For Supabase: I have Supabase CLI installed with a local development environment running and a linked remote project called "scanner-app". When working with Supabase tables: (1) First run supabase projects list to confirm the linked project, (2) Use grep -r "table_name" . to search the codebase for existing references and data structure, (3) Check SupabaseInfo.txt file which contains table schemas and sample data, (4) For live remote data queries, use supabase db pull first to sync the remote schema locally, then query using psql "postgresql://postgres:postgres@127.0.0.1:54322/postgres" -c "SELECT * FROM table_name;", (5) Remember that my local Supabase instance (port 54322) may be empty unless synced, while the actual data lives in the remote project. Always distinguish between local development database and remote production database when troubleshooting or querying data. 